add feature defaultKubeconfig (#1591)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

  ```

* **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure the URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If you add `?kubeconfigID={your ID}` to the Busola URL, Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from `{kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID}`. If the operation succeeds, Busola adds the kubeconfing file to the cluster.
  If you use a full address in the **kubeconfigUrl** field, Busola also reads it.

>   - **showClustersOverview** - optional configuration to instruct Busola to show the clusters overview rather than the current context cluster, after the clusters are loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **showClustersOverview** - optional configuration to instruct Busola to show **Clusters Overview** rather than the current context cluster, after the clusters are loaded.
```

>   - **defaultKubeconfig** - define the optional defaultKubeconfigID to load this kubeconfig when you visit Busola homepage `/` and there are no memorized clusters in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **defaultKubeconfig** - define the optional default **KUBECONFIG_ID** to load this kubeconfig when you visit Busola homepage `/` and there are no memorized clusters in the application.
```
